Fixes links to new docs site (#3075)
onflow/cadence: README.md

If you would like to contribute to Cadence, have a look at the [contributing guide](https://github.com/onflow/cadence/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).

> Development documentation can be found in the [cadence-lang.org repo](https://github.com/onflow/cadence-lang.org).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Development documentation can be found in the [`/docs` directory](https://github.com/onflow/cadence/tree/master/docs).
```
